b'After doing group projects in school I get why batman works alone'
b'Rappers pretend they have more money than the really do. Country Singers pretend that they have less money than they really do.'
b"It blows my mind that there's people too lazy to rerack weights at the gym. The entire premise of going to the gym is not being lazy."
b'Somewhere in the middle of the lake is a bunch of good skipping rocks.'
b"Memes with the \xf0\x9f\x98\x82\xf0\x9f\x98\x82 caption are today's version of the sitcom laugh track"
b'Humanity used to read things on scrolls, now we scroll to read things.'
b'On average, human beings have one testicle.'
b'You never realize how dirty a song is until you listen to it with a kid'
b'What would happen if we put a werewolf astronaut on the moon?'
b'A chain may only be as strong as its weakest link, but a rope is made stronger by even the weakest thread.'
b'The fact that Kansas and Arkansas are pronounced differently bothers me way more than it should.'
b'Spider-Man is a super hero who makes a living by taking selfies before it was cool'
b'My kids will probably take AP US history exams with memes on them instead of political cartoons'
b'If actual magic existed it would be categorized as just another field of science.'
b'If everyone laughs at the end of a "prank," then it\'s actually a prank, if not, you\'re a cunt.'
b'Bathrooms should have a low light option for going in the middle of the night'
b'Humans are a super AI invented by mother nature and now we are slowly destroying our creator, the exact thing we are afraid of happening with computer AI today.'
b'When I was younger I would buy a game and play it until I beat it. Now I play a multitude of games at the same time and rarely to completion'
b'What if Bob Ross was a serial killer and painted the locations of where he hid the corpses'
b'"Not clickbait" is a paradox.'
b'If Hell does actually exist, then I hope there is a special place reserved for people who say "Yes you can go to the bathroom, the question is may you?"'
b'A spoon is just a bowl on a stick'
b'Today I beat my personal record for consecutive days alive.'
b"When I'm in bed, my feet determine the temperature of my entire body."
b"Shopping for a new laptop on your old one is like making your old computer dig it's own grave"
